everything about winning in the playoffs
is peaking and I think the Jets are just
starting to peak and they are ready to
play the Colts today that part shot in
motion from right to left offset i right
Sanchez quick strike clock by Berlin
Edwards he's loose at the 30 down Oh
about the 22 yard line before he's
brought down half the ball is down the
kick is on the way it looks no good he
missed it
so the Colts will get great field
position first venture into Jeff's
territory this afternoon the Jets have a
couple of sacks today snappers to
Manning Peyton steps up snap ball down
Stover's kick on the way looks good it
is Colts lead three nothing first once
in New York at their own 20-yard line
play-action Sanchez drops pump fake
throws the ball left side he's got
Breeland Edwards it's Drive at the 40 at
the 30 20 10 5 touchdown Whalen Edwards
nice move about five yards down it's a
stutter step and then he just out runs
the corner and a perfect pass family
network never had to stop Colts 49%
Peyton takes the snap
sets up hop steps up throws over the
middle of my County
McAfee will hold snap balls down
Stover's kick right down Main Street
seven six Jets continued Lee with 844 to
go motions Shawn green in the backfield
they run the option right Brad Smith
back to throw loved one right side hot
sure he's got it at the 20 yard line
down to about the 11 Sanchez takes the
snap from Nick Mangold drops back looks
right throws right at the goal line it's
caught touchdown Dustin Keller nine yard
touchdown strike from Mark Sanchez play
clock down to six lay clock at five
takes the snap hand picked up by Jim
Leonard in the backfield facing through
the Jets blow that play up the snap is
good but they spent down the kick on the
way as the distance toward the uprights
it is good Manning out of the gonna die
to his left takes the snap they're
trying to come up the middle Paton drops
back sets up looks throws went down the
middle Austin Collie crowd quiets as
Manning gets him out of the out of the
huddle and ready to go takes the snap
sets up pressure coming he stays in
throws down the middle 16 yard 62 yards
in two plays and the Colts are right
back in at 17 as well
Payton takes the snap fakes to a die
steps in he throws one underneath our
song with a great catch at the 29
Manning under centered michael hart the
lone back first and goal from the four
they crowd the line of scrimmage Mike
looks Mike throws the fade
Oh Sun cold sleet it 19 to 17 second
down formatting out of the gun takes the
snap sets up again looks looks again
he's gonna throw one Clark makes the
catch
takes it to the 39 stays on his feet to
the 34 yard line
got a flag goes down might have been a
facemask second down and six fakes to
add I look down Dallas with a third
touchdown throw by Peyton Manning today
he's having a great ballgame he takes
the snap sets up he's going to throw one
in center for Garside he's got it to 11
the plant again Sanchez takes the snap
pressure coming around the corner he
throws one all of them picked off by the
Colts Gelman Hayden gets it the Colts
have it at their own 47 the Colts and
beating the Jets 32:17 and for the
second time in four years the Colts are
headed for the Super Bowl